hello everyone I'm booker 93 and I'm coming to criticize with this video to fuck
series that takes me scratching a good time the balls
That's right today I'm going to tell you about bosco roncha spongebob or whatever it's called
fucking cereal box to
good to start bocco roncha is a very homosexual series that deals with the
adventure and the pendejas of a yellow sponge that lives in the sea
fucking mother that disgusting shit is son of a bitch series is that in the world there
very very bad series like naruto and mario euros right but this is the
worst of all existing series
since it only talks about that bomb by the sea making burgers and playing
make gay bubbles with homosexual animal forms
well I will keep saying now how this series was created
because one day there were two chimpanzees fornicating like wild animals and
Soon a zoophile appeared who threatened to rape him non-stop
the worried orangutans decided to make him a deal that consisted of the
that they would create a script for a television series that would help the
zoophilic to masturbate we compete and a lot of inconsistencies more
the zoophilic agreed and two hours later the first episode of
bosco roncha
in which came out his pink and roscon patricio friend a fat sea star
and homosexual who likes to suck the verb to bobby scratch his spoke
after penetrating what
then the neighbor came from bock to shit or
a squid with a nose so big that pinocho envies and liked it
do orgies with bob and patricio along with its eight tentacles
then the head of government left the shit or don gangrenó don cabrejo or as
it was called the son of a bitch who was more stingy than Mr. Burns
next to these four queers appeared a squirrel living under the sea
and that to top it all came from texas and lived in an underwater dome
fuck fuck and more fuck
that series does not have a shit of meaning
I find more sense in my navel than this one and judge fucking shit
then there are already five and underwater whores judge who are mounted orgies very
disgusting but
what is this
how is this possible
now they have appeared more subjuggers and underwater cossacks that help bob
water and put in the sea
these cares and mba are plankton
sir in oman and boy barnacle or better known as put on 1 the puton 2 the
fat monstrous pearlite daughter of crab gift and I still wonder
because rapes a crab has a daughter whale
perhaps the dough that crab gave her
or maybe he found her in the brothel on the corner
Fuck that fucking pointless this fucking series first of all
a crab is not supposed to lay eggs
and it is not supposed cases güevos leave crabs
and perhaps whales are not mammals
fuck your mother fucking fucking nonsense is fucking sonic
after these there are about a million characters more than if I mention them
Surely I shit from the ears of my listeners which does not suit me juju
now I will tell you about what they are, I speak adventure quotes and chairs
box close quotes
the adventures of bowman that he pee sun fucking asshole steals a balloon with
oxygen I open braces judge whore who fucking meaningless this shit
I close parentheses
and so he leaves the town because he was afraid of being captured by
having stolen the balloon
another adventure tells that bob builds a traveling stall where he sells bombs
of soap at 25 cents the attempt
hijueputa sponge cot hijueputa sucks sorrows of black and the mianos of transsexual
just failed
you're more asshole than the valencia subway brat even though this black
fat ugly and horrifying
uma ana whenever I show that photo scared me a little xd
if you think someone is going to pay you is that you are a fucking subnormal nalut something
rather you are a fucking geek
but what gives more anger is that it manages to sell like 4 dollars and that pisses me off
quite because one for the most that strives to make money in a way
Honest
comes an overlap that comes human idiots before you and takes advantage of it and
it makes millions
fuck fuck and more fuck
I will try to do this in my neighborhood right now
meanwhile he left his fucking mothers fornicating with a horse
ossío or yes
surely you were already with the sip or outside ready to make you a straw
but I've already done that idiocy of the bubbles and I have to tell you that
do not do it they beat me some manic fools for making fun of him and
sadly partridge as they put the bubbles through my eyes monogamous gold
but for some reason to Bob the idea works and makes millions
like in another adventure that creates colorful burgers and makes thousands of
million and don crab gets pissed off like a geek convention etiquette geek
damn it I think I've already spent saying how is this series so now
I'm leaving remember to subscribe to my person juján gija jujy jojojo gijón
jhojan justice spj-use just us
goodbye yonkis fucking that the bop the case says goodbye
by the way city you're uglier than seeing a black emo pedophile and rapist
en masse with transsexual clothing along with leprosy
but what do I say if that is turkish of ugly homeless shit now yeah bye
geeks yonkis